# EpicBlend
Manually implemented data structures: Priority Queue (enhanced with internal Hash Map), Binary Search Tree

Given a list of songs and a list of playlists, this program creates a blend named "EpicBlend", which contains top scored songs of the playlists in 3 different categories: heartache, roadtrip and blissful. Each song has given heartache, roadtrip, blissful scores and a play count. There are category limits and playlist limits. Category limits indicate how many songs in total can make it to the blend for a category at most. Playlist limits indicate how many songs in a playlist can make it to the blend at most. The blend has the top scored songs that are included in a playlist respecting to the limits at all times. There are 3 different possible events: Add, remove and ask. In the add event, a song that was not in any of the playlists is added to a playlist. This addition might change the blend so the ID of the song added to the blend and the ID of the song removed from the blend is outputted for each category (outputted ID is 0 if there is no such song). In the remove event, a song that was in a playlist is removed from the playlist. This removal might change the blend too so the same output procedure is applied in this event. In the ask event, content of the blend is asked so the IDs of the songs of the blend are outputted in the descending order with respect to their play counts. Songs with  lexicographically smaller names are prioritized in both blend selection and the ask event as a tie breaker.
